we applied student visa first time in August 7th.
Suvitha came from Seattle on Wednesday evening.
We went to Balloon festival in August 13th.
There were five balloon flew  in the sky.
I met Kumar's friends.
I saw many children played on inflatable balloon and different types of amusement rides.
I saw different types of goat in a small farm and they gave sample soap produced by goat milk.
I had dinner pizza and noodles in the festival.
Light balloon show conducted at 9PM. It were beautiful.
I watched music concerts . I enjoyed there.
I did some work related to Ielts exam.
I did cycling this week.
I went different places everyday I took many photos.
My student visa application return to home on 20 th August.
Suvitha joined her new job in August 20th.
Kumar decided to go to US and Canada border for got my immigration details.
we went to US New York and Canada border at 9.30PM. by car.
It was amazing and thrilling place. 
This was my first time went to Country Border.
US New York immigration officers took my finger print and passport details then enter in to US border then return to Canada Border.
Canada immigration officer got my details and enquired then I got immigration details on my passport.
Kumar lot of thinking about my future and to immigrate to Canada. 
I never thought about my future past ten years of marriage life. 
I did preparation for TNPSC and TET exams. I didnt achieve anything in those exams.
My English knowledge is poor eventhough I am preparing for IELTS exam.
Kumar gave idea and motivation for my studys .
Kumar spent lot of time and money for my studies and immigration purpose.
I almost spent 15 months for my English preparation still now. But I learnt few knowledge about English .
I realised my mistakes after came to Canada( Brossard).
I didnt came to Canada ,I never understand myself.
I felt many things about my future , Varsha and Jush's future.
I utilize my time for improve English skills, definitely change my life.
I couldnt control my Emotional nowadays. I cried many times. Sometimes I cried infront of my brother.
He advi



