I listening "BBC learning 6 minute English" through mobile everyday.
It is very useful for listening foreign language and learn new vocabulary.
Kumar taught many things about studies then job opportunity.
I signup in the Netflix.com.
It is very useful for watching movies and TV shows.There is a different kinds of English movies available in the website.
Everyone definitely watch this movies from children also because we will develop listening skill as well as speaking skills.
I watched the film of "Will swimth's "The pursuit of happyness". I didnt watch full movie. It was a  motivational flim.
It was a good story.
I walcked to cycle park in the argernoon 2.30.P.M. I spent 10 minutes only.
I went to "costoco wholesale market" with Kumar by car. It is near to Downtown.
Kumar want to change car's summar tyre so we went to "CENTRE DU PNEU". It is located in the Costco.
We dropped the car in the centre then went to costco wholesale market.
It is very big supermarket. There were many people purchasing things in the market.
There are 5 thousand types of things available in the market like fruits,nuts,dress,cycle,gym dress,swimming dress,meat,fish,
backery items,milk,nursary plants and flowers, and butter, etc......
Everyone select their own things.
We bught many things like batham,cashew nut, apple,orange,cherry black and red,graphes,potatto,bread,milk,butter,yougurt,
greens and 
I had sample coffee of kenya and dhoda variety in the market then different types of chinees chicken and goat cheese.
It was a different type of taste.
We filled gas to car then  reached home at 5.30.P.M.
We took tyer in the locker room. It is available in the ground flore of the apartment.
The lock was very different. I never seen before this like of lock.I used one time how to remove that lock. It was amazing.
I took photo near the costco wholesale market.
I prepared fruit juse. It was very taste. I used different 5 types of fruits for juice.
I read two kids story. I Prepared task 1 essay for study.
I will go to sleep around midnight 12.30.A.M.





