My brother is God's gift in my life. Because he planned many things to change my life. Ha planned many years almost from 2016.
My first trip to canada in 2018 April 23 to October 14.
After only I understood how are abroad life style,culture and places. 
Kumar planned many ways for me to move to Canada finally he successed.
Manitoba was important plan because if I got maximum IELTS marks it can easy to get enough score but Kumar applied to Manitoba Visa waiting time for one year
but I did not get Manitoba EOL pool. 
but I could not achieve maximum marks so that Manitoba plan was dropped. 
But he spent lot of time ,money and he changed health card to Manitoba for my process. So he could not access health card in Montreal . It was tough time. 
He moved to US after only he got new health card.
Kumar planned final way to study plan process. Baby got first Study Visa to study MBA in UNBC in 2020.
Father was passed away January 11 in 2020. It was bad time in my family.Father got liver failure and continued some organs fail liver and  intestine.
I plannned maintain  Ganesapuram property so I got maney for my salary. I could spent money to my family
so I did not like go to job because I was learning Engling to improve my knowledge.
Baby and Kumar agreed to my plan. Both are  helping and supporting to me always. 
Then Kumar planned for me to apply MBA course in UNBC  and got admission in February 2021 then applied study visa in May 2021.
I had tought time in Covid 19
So that the first process is give fingerprint as that I planned go to Chennai July 13 th night and appontment time was 1.15PM. 
My hole family went to Palamali temple on July 11 in 2021. Varsha got puperty on July 13 th and we celebrated small function in the evening.
After the function at 9PM I and Mr.Mk went to Station to got train at 10.30PM.
Baby and Amma came to my home and Amma stayed in my home and I dropped baby in her home at 9.30PM.
Next day I came from Chennai at 11Pm then went to baby's home to pickup baby to my home for 3rd day Varsha's function.
I went to Chennai in August month by alone for medical tes to my Visa process. It was good experience. 
I went to Applo hospital it was second time because first time I went with Baby in December 14 th 2020 by Airways.
Baby finished her fingerprint and medical test at the same day because we went by Indigo Airways and return the same day evening.
It was wounderful day for us.
I got Student Visa apprived at the beginning of September month so Kumar booked flight ticket to my new journey.
Kumar booked flight ticket for Baby before my got Visa so he booked a ticket for me at the same flight.
It was Covid 19 period so flight ticket was high. We spent Rs. 2,50,000 for flight charge for both travelling.
Coimbatore to Mumbai. Mumbai to Paris. Paris to Mexico, we stayed 3 days in Mexico for quarantine ( Covid 19). Mexico to Vancouver.
September 12 th evening got flight from Coimbatore. 
We reached Vancouver at 11AM 17th Friday after finished my immigration process got Student Permit letter then reached 315 Agnes Street appartment.
